Okay, so I've made a backup. You will see that I've made a lot of changes. We're on version 7.2. And I'm actually keeping a version control as well. Because on the GitHub, that version control sucks. It doesn't have a detailed explanation. So every time I'm doing an update, when it's either giving the tasks or the walkthrough, then I copy that and I put it in the version control document. And I just manually put the new version. So you'll see we're at version 7.2. If you make any updates, then just copy all those edits and put, you know, about 10 or 20 underscores. So it will create a straight line. And then put version 7.3 and the updates that was made. So now what is very important is looking at the website looks all techy and stuff. But that is more towards, you know, non-consulting. So, you know, for AI agents and all of that, the theme falls in line. But now we need to redesign the theme to look more professional, more like... I'll send you a couple of examples. But if you just go on Google and just search for AI consultancy, open the first five, like Michael and Bain, you know, KPMG, you know, like big consultancies. And look how their websites look like. And I think we need to adopt that because we will be targeting enterprises, you know, bigger companies, governments and all that. Because we got three AI consultants that is in the company. So these are big guys that are working with companies like Emirates Airline, you know, with the Irish government and stuff like that. So I think at the end of the day, our website needs to reflect that C-level approach. So I'm on the move. I'm just going to the gym now. So if you can take my previous messages and play it to ChatGPT, hit the record button and get it transcribed. So you get that idea and go and take screenshots from those good websites that we want to imitate and put it in a folder, plus that transcription, plus the screenshots, then give it back to the AI and see what we can get to have a better, more professional website. But at the same time, it still needs to show true agentic power and capabilities, you know, like cool stuff, animations, motions. And you can take an inspiration from the Apple website as well. Literally go to the Apple website. I don't know when you've been there. Go there, check out the website, get the feel of it and look at some design examples on Envato elements and download a couple of nice, you know, themes that fall in line with this idea. Because like I said, our objective is to launch the website on Implement AI tonight because I've got meetings coming up and I want to show them the proper website, not just something that I did the other time.